well welcome welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
do you farm
exciting stuff going on gene now always
in this house cheese whoa I was made to
be I'll be in a ball Sacramento this
weekend the shows are sold out thank you
guys very much all next week I'm doing a
big thing with the Joe Rogan he was
celebrating his 1000-2000 fellas about
thousands out thousand 1000 episode of
the Joe Rogan experience Wow can you
believe that was incredible the pod
father the guy the guy who did like the
very first episode ever of any podcast
pretty crazy stuff 1,000 episodes
bananas he's having myself and Joey Diaz
on oh my god that's going to be a crazy
Pike and then a celebration show that
night at the comedy store which sold out
in like three minutes oh my gosh that
will be next Friday the 18th what else
we have a live podcast August 23rd in
Brest Falls Beach Florida if you're in
Palm Beach County Broward County Dade
County Indian River County please come
to the Palm Beach VIN prob then things
ramped up for me right before I shoot my
specials I added a show at the Brea
improv a couple nights before so
Wednesday September 13th I'm doing the
Brea improv one show only the next night
I'm doing Oakland the Fox Theater and
then I shoot in Denver on the 16th very
excited first show is sold out
the second show is like 200 tickets left
so if you're in Denver and you haven't
got to go shit and you want to go I
recommend getting them now you get your
special tape that's pretty special
ha ha ha uh-huh I'm also doing Lincoln
Nebraska Springfield Missouri and
Midwest City Oklahoma earlier in the
month and we added second shows in Fargo
North Dakota st. lous tips Missouri and
I'm coming to do dork titties mm-hmm
barfle oh there's a bunch of that at it
so go to Tom Segura calm slash tour I
mean check out all the dates that are
there
gene gene you mention August 23rd and
breast palm beach that's good guys come
see that work also those tickets are
moving very quickly so you considering
it I would HIGHLY advise getting them
now because we don't have many left
September 22nd and 23rd I'm in st. Loup
States Missouri at helium comedy CREB I
should say here iam is Kim Han was in
October 3rd Nashville Tennessee at vey
nice comedy club October 4th in
Charlotte North Carolina at the comedy
zone and then October 8th were doing
your mom's house lives
Indians burns eye and we have it to make
a correction yes aren't you and I wasn't
your fault so you made a logical
assumption which was that if you had
tickets to the July or vine improv
contest that they transferred they did
not everyone was refunded so if you want
to go to the October 8th Irvine your
mom's house live you got to get tickets
they are at the bottom of my tour page
if you go to Tom Segura comm slashed or
scroll all the way at the bottom it says
live podcasts you can get tickets to
either west palm or irvine there that's
right oh and tickets for my shows around
thousand grand calm or you can go to
Christina P online calm all the both of
those URLs go to the same place doing a
little image overhaul before my special
comes out making the change to Christina
feet that's going to visit I can't
announce it yet so annoying hopefully
soon we can make a formal announcement
but it's common good like I can hear the
chips in the bowl the package
opening and rose almost ready to be
poured in the bowl it's really except
higher horse air horn very exciting
welcome to another episode of your mom's
house unreal you guys are doing good
that is the mousse soup remix by oven at
Mercer was excellent you know we we went
on a little three-day vacation with
little jeans local here and we couldn't
get her out of our hearts yeah the most
ladies came with us and we had to play
her Rob we listen to our own show just
to hear the drop oh yeah I know yeah we
were like finding this stuff from from
that scrolling through it trying to find
out you know like what was said and
hearing hearing it again just in real
time yeah the best part is that because
you to the drop of you guys are doing
good but you cut out the fuck and now to
hear the fuck you guys are doing good
it's even it's even more trashy it's
even better yeah amazing amazing
we even by the way this is a not
something we normally do let me see if I
can pull this up so we had we've had
like all these great designs come in you
know and this one was also sent in the
moose soup men's black t-shirt so come
on buddy marker calling a dark one with
a soup can on it but it's a brilliant
design and it says the Milton and mu
soup lady so that's also in our store
thank you everybody who's been
supporting they got the rub rub shirt ah
that makes you very uncomfortable hot
seller for the ladies huh yeah I got a
number of interesting messages about
people got the the rub rub shirt the
come down from mu soup shirt that was
wrong the sub came the new Rob Rob Rob
that was the this is one that dose Brack
made an Irish designer I just wore this
this morning I make it Fitness I wore
the morning did ya now
we love the musu lady so much yeah we
have to know we have two shirts
dedicated to her it's really that she's
too good and the designs are too good to
not do them so guys for for supporting
the store Elena's retired I think we
lose money on these shirts just trying
to just to make them yeah somebody said
that there's nothing quite as PTSD
inducing as the rub rub guy I have to
agree there's nothing like that guy who
I don't like him I don't like him as
much as I like the new soup lady well no
she's great you guys are doing good
alright let's do an official open right
yeah let's do it
ready I yeah and I first realized is
back in 2014 when I was having sex with
my girlfriend I noticed that she had
this really strong smell of ass and I
really liked it I found it really
enjoyable and arousing it kind of smelt
like this rich odor of body sweats
combined with the smell of shit
basically oh is Randy don't bring anyone
loving to this no more motherfucker
well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura
[Music]
yeah yeah knowing you my ass now huh
didn't you play treat your mouth and
then halfway through it you're like I
don't want to commit to this yeah I was
actually talking about I just did that
now I don't think I want it but I'm
going to do it ever since I lost some
weight I always think about whether I
like what I'm eating or whether I'm just
eating to eat is it worth the calorie I
just also I'm like I used to be like
this isn't that good but all these the
whole thing like that's how I used to
just walk through everything like I go
dogs like it's alright I'll finish it no
this is okay but I'm still going to go
through yes yeah maybe you know really
calorically and sugar richmond yeah it's
like a dog like they can't refuse a tree
yeah yeah I just I should just put that
out but I'm anywhere to put it
I could have put it my hand on my pot
and then put in my pot in your pocket
I've done that before
so you probably with the other friends
your pocket friends
so this kid he's a blogger and I have to
say you know it's I commend John for his
honesty my I think the general you know
the the inclination of people when they
hear that right away is like a nasty
tell quite something I was just nasty
and he talks about being attracted to
the ass I think it's a pretty common one
actually well it must be on a
evolutionary biological level and
there's a reason our bodies produce
pheromones and different smells and to
some people but he always Matthew yeah
so he found his ideal mate perhaps
yeah to it who makes that smell and
they're going to reproduce and make
other children who drink make nasty
smell make nasty baby but I've met I've
talked to dudes before who are into like
funky smells you know sure well guys are
disgusting to say but I wonder I mean
there's gotta be some women that are
into the funky smell right no no I mean
I've never had a friend that admitted to
it I'm sure there are guys would admit
to a point yes there's gotta be
but women are just less nasty yeah
that's true no you are less nasty
there's definitely way more dudes that
are like I like a funky asshole yeah
it's not on the menu for most of us
ladies yeah well my I mean I shower I
let's put the call out are there any
ladies out there who love the smell of a
ripe guy ass just tell me my awesome are
any ladies that are lesbians maybe you
like a butt smells like butt smells wait
that's stinky butt smell never CRI was
disgusting but this is really nice to me
I really like the smell is that weird is
that normal because the smell shit
shouldn't be nice it shouldn't be
pleasant they should discuss and repulse
people because shit isn't nice it's
disgusting and full of bacteria you
don't want to get anywhere near that
stuff well I think that there's an
important distinction being made here is
that I don't think he is necessarily
aroused by shit track aroused by the mix
of this Musk of sweat right and there's
there's some but funk in there right and
that's what's turning him on right it's
not just a dumper sitting in the toilet
well that's a really important
distinction yeah it's like we it's like
our revelation of shits push the farts
out not sorry shootout which you
mistakenly were saying for years years
well my mother gave me that wisdom and
five push to shut out and that's all I
heard going up and it's almost like your
mother was a flat earther and then
somebody just kind of explained it to
you like doesn't work that way it's not
that fart supposed to shit right one of
our listeners actually opened our eyes
aright and our buttholes to the right
and that's another one that you and I
have been talking about this last week
together is that it's the shit that
pushes the fart out and own it I just
kind of blew my mind till yeah kind of
blew it
well there are you know what I guess
it's people's body smells you you like
it's that person yeah pheromones mixed
in with whatever he must really be into
this girl but it could be that it I mean
I'm yes but also like you can have that
that attraction to someone you don't
know
right you could just be like oh I like I
guess yeah smells yeah yeah it's all
good I've also been repulsed by the way
strangers smell buck yeah yeah just like
their body smells you know had Bo
repulsion I've had men
fractured smell repulsion from consumes
colognes
fucking patchouli oil I hate patchouli
oil me too that's my least favorite and
if you were one of those chicks would be
no boners in this town boners well
because patchouli growing out imma gross
when I went to San Francisco for college
that girl wore patchouli it meant that
she didn't wash her beaver very often
like so those are always the dirtiest of
the girls that had patchouli oh I like
that
mmm interesting it was really noticeable
every time we had sex
doggy style and every summer thrusted
forwards the smell would waft upwards
into my nostrils and it was really
arousing I really enjoyed the smell I
don't know why she had such a strong
smell of ass because usually girls don't
have some planning young smell because
they wash properly down there after
they've taken a shit so true I'm not
sure if she went fishing properly after
she took a shit but I was like I said
yeah I really actually like now so can't
good for you man
Thank You Dean that relationship I
always check to see if the girl has this
same smell but none of them do because
they mean wash
what's that area so that was like his
special mistress that was a snowflake
and he wouldn't get away he left that
stinky buffer don't let that brown dirty
girl another way wasn't necessarily
washing well that's true no she like she
wasn't yeah really yeah so she was just
not white or or she has leaky but blue
cuban which is something that i talk
about a lot on this show and the
importance of shit to shower or getting
a bidet of some sort she could be
shitting and then not cleaning up
properly and having leaky butt and then
if you're having sex and then it kind of
all mixes in down there yeah like that
should just be swamp ass maybe do you
ever smelled my butt never you don't
want to know no never
no did you smell your own butt a lot no
no but I'm sure it's not nice that's
disgusting
maybe you can give it a shot if you want
to know until there's no smell left
which I find to be really disappointing
it's really boring when the gold smells
like nothing yeah now is a big part of
for me and if the go smells like nothing
she has my body odor
yeah kind of boring I agree with him I
agree with him yeah I don't want I mean
out of the shower yuck give me let me
know you're uh doing some work building
your mosque yeah build that Musk
there was a real musk builder at that
gym I used to go to whoo I remember that
dude was foul and it was like a message
to the rest of the gym to the Bears yeah
I'm here I'm here
smell my funk he's nasty rough but
there's probably just walking around
that gym like ah fuck I do stink so good
anyway they came with any money this is
what I can see our son doing this this
oh god I hope not
he will to having he's got two parents
oh yeah I know what's true Thank You kid
I don't like having sex with girls after
they've had a shower because they've
washed away all that delicious odor and
smell pretty shower sex is just so much
better than just a shower sex I just
said it totally right 1%
you remember that Iranian girl that I
met last year and yeah yeah yeah the one
day I asked if she wanted to have sex
with me and she said no well one of the
main reasons why I felt so attracted to
her wasn't because I thought she was
pretty or cute it was because she had
this amazing smell of armpit every time
she sat next to me in my room
I could smell this strong rich bitter
smell of armpits really arousing him so
he liked more than just certain he likes
a lot of stinky stuff I know he asked if
I could smell her armpit instead of
asking for sex good call but then if I
smelt her armpit I would have been even
more aroused and turned on and I would
have wanted to have sex even more mm-hmm
this channel is getting kind of weird
isn't it I celebrate yeah you always
tell me like I've never smelled you you
ever smell you never smell yes true I'm
serious in how long 38 years we've been
together I've never gotten a whiff of Bo
from you what about trash true little
stinky she's got that wine though yeah
Karen - both of them cigarettes barflies
Marlboro red yeah Lou soup oh yeah both
kind of mousse
- type of chicks for sure yeah that's
definitely definitely your speed dirty
bitch
- um so I did a what yeah what you
talking about your appearance last night
let's always bring it up okay I did um
Conan how you say it it's funny that
that's his name yeah you know meet many
Conan's I have I had a really fun time
doing the show and I got to I won't play
the whole thing but I did get to sneak
this into the top of the show or the top
of the interview he's like oh you look
great and I'll let you hear the
beginning of it pretty did great by the
way the whole thing is online thank you
very much man thanks I lost fifty pounds
fifty pounds okay everyone wants to know
how one does that because everyone's
have jobs
what was your trick everybody's in I was
in a weight loss contest with this super
fat comic named burnt Chrysler and burnt
rice I got a burnt in their kingdom yeah
I did
did you know yet I don't know if he
knows he's gonna now
Conan definitely knew what I was doing
he did because it's like if there's a
pre-interview and I told the producers I
would call them burnt I go you know if
you want to tell Conan to correct me I'd
be like oh is that burger lien arguments
that's fine or whatever I mean you know
obviously you can do whatever he wants
and so but he he definitely went like
shook his head like you know what
children yeah what we did was we did a
couple people I think knew what was that
I think you're writing some mommies were
in the audience because they laughed at
hot dog stuff - yes yes so anyways you
can go to Tim Coco I don't play clip
after clip of that but team koco.com
[Music]
or the YouTube team Coco page and you
can see it if you want you talk about
top dog talk about a little genes yummy
and
weight loss and weed I talked about weed
as I got ya our little Jean learning
different languages yes right and top
dog yeah
it's a very good appearance I thought
you did really well thanks and I also
like your outfit you look very fresh
Russian clean I had a fresh haircut yeah
Fortin for television you look great
yeah Conan and and how funny is Andy - I
love he's great
you spent a night damn he's really
really great somebody sent speaking a
top dog this I uh I was talking dildo
embarrassed that they said sounds just
like top dog oh I want to see it yeah so
does this sound like top dog to you oh
yeah you are gorgeous
absolutely beautiful how about that top
under top very very slowly
oh yeah very nice oh my god did your dad
do this does that sound like him to you
yeah yeah blue band was like dude this
thing sounds to me I think it's a little
different like my ears so tuned to noise
it's pretty similar though it could be
yeah I could pass for him oh yeah I must
throw up can you stop why I touch the
Dilla just as Kenneth like some
beautiful people wouldn't want to hear
this one no and the voice is an older
gentleman like that's that's a thing he
sounds like 50 press yeah or 60 press
and if you're using one of those you're
probably not 60 or 50 press woman what
do you want to hear though I don't know
I don't want to hear anything that
you're doing that you don't want to hear
a man no I don't need to I don't want to
hear anything but if you were to hear a
man would you want to be like yes I
don't I don't know I don't know what you
shave so much like it'd be this pool
angel that's obvious as a weird weird
toy yeah I don't know why it means the
voice it's a little I mean I'm sure
somebody out there is like that's
perfect for me that's true it's always
like that just like that's Nikki buckles
for some glam I'm ready to explode
Oh your touch is so soft do you picture
my dad when you hear that kind of soup
well I guess yeah especially since last
time we learned that he likes lacy bras
what I was disgusting my turn I told
that in Conan oh yeah can I see through
the nipple room gonna throw up now I get
another little massage and other stuff
nasty so nasty
hey you know it gives your dad a boner I
know gross so weird to hear his boner
stories now I don't think I'd want my
vibrator to talk about anything why does
it have to have any kind of conversation
with you I don't know I mean I
definitely I don't think it does it for
me to have if it was a toy that was like
Oh baby you're so hard I wouldn't be
like yes great yeah it's kind of like
real fake you know yeah take I would I
would think it would take me out of it
more yeah me too be really distracting
like why is this guy telling me this
stuff like you don't say that in real
life to somebody like Oh your breasts
are so full yeah and Wow
your touch is so soft like I don't know
I don't really I never had a guy said to
me and realize I'd be like what why are
you talking like my dad yeah I'm very
ready to explode yeah and if I old guy
boys - it's not even it is shit ain't
right this is Nancy and sweetly nasty
man super nasty anyway so we went away
on our our little mini vacay with our
little jeans just the three of us
yeah and I noticed a phenomenon amongst
the couples which we've been talking
about this a lot on the show is the shut
it down look and for dads to shut it
down is generally I mean what would you
say cool stuff like styling stuff shut
it down dad is the white New Balance
sneakers I'm talking
Aki's or maybe some light colored denim
with some brown braided belt it's uh
button-down it's over it's over it's one
testosterone just leaves the body
entirely and then for the women I think
motherhood can shut us down
and that's when the ladies cut their
hair off or let it go gray and then
there's like culottes and it's important
to note that neither has to happen that
either well no that's the whole point
the struggle is real though you really
do have to fight to maintain your
sexuality and your sex appeal to your
spouse especially as you get older yeah
man it's a battle its Yahweh your
defining is you see people shut it down
in their 30s yeah forties fifties and
stuff for sure you can see the shutdown
occur early yeah I thought you don't
really know you're like 30 years old
yeah why are you shutting it down
already do well I saw the saddest guy
you are you were in the coffee place and
I was pushing LJ around and there was
like this Nick attractive late 30s
gentleman gentleman and he was just like
cool like he still had like shorts on he
was he had his beard trend like he was
looks youthful and the wife had totally
shut it down like shed short hair like
you and it was all gray and all gray
grayed out and then like like a con
dress like you right now like a polo
shirt and I'm like khaki shorts and then
the Jesus annals oh man and you could
just see like the sadness in his eyes
like you know he was looking at like
other women walk by like that's what a
woman yeah yeah me that when I met
usually like you like that but not
you're not into boners anymore yeah it's
so sad yeah but what but here's what the
thing is that like there's the shut it
down phenomenon where only one person
shuts it down and then the other person
like is really well maintained so like
what's going on there when one couple
things one of them is called it path to
divorce one knows sometimes I think it's
actually fetishized
like let's just name what smell our kid
they're interesting because I know I
don't know about it the other way as
much but I know some dudes that really
like you know I mean at least really big
women
yeah so that could be perceived as like
oh does that person not care but
actually they're turned on by they're
really into heavyset
yeah totally big old flappy sloppy rolls
yeah no I mean that's a tournament for
some people well one time you and I were
in the Bahamas somewhere and we saw this
couple and this dude was like ripped he
was like a hundred and fifty pounds just
just wasn't an ounce of anything extra
really and totally ripped I had the
six-pack ABS yeah call it looking good
choose four bills really no she was very
large in just like when I read she she
needed she called him over to pick her
up from the e she had like sat in the
river waves break I never forget I will
never forget ah how odd that guy get up
and he had to pick her I had to like use
all of his body weight that's trying to
get her up I'll never forget it because
she was sitting like in the shallows of
the ocean and the waves kept like
pushing her inland and she was kind of
riding those waves because she couldn't
stand up it was like too hard for
harnesses huge man and I'll never forget
the image of him pulling like pulling
her up and I thought wow what's
happening like what do you think this
was a slow progression and he was like
I'm not try on this particular couple
while it could be that like I love her
or he said he seemed broken yeah I
remember that guy
he didn't there was there was no joy in
his face
ya know everything about way he carried
himself like a sad man like a bit beaten
dog yeah well I wasn't so I wasn't
making a schmeckle heart I don't think
maybe my I won't know unless I talk to
him and regain his pants but yeah I felt
like he was not the time that was like
this happened really into this it seemed
like it's interesting
she was a I almost picked up that she
was abusive that was my version perfect
I like her fatness was a form of abuse
to him that's what it seemed like to me
yeah yeah it did definitely oh yeah how
do we not would think about this when we
were playing this melon what you're Ross
smells like put your cock and balls
smell like and there's again guys yeah
it gives no women another Joe no women
run your finger along your crack of your
ass you don't need to think of your
whole you don't want to come back with
shit on your fingers
shit dummy it's a very interesting
advice stupid who says that that guy
that dog trainer that pup play master
what a fuckin asshole
I love it in that thing he's like just
trying to train these dogs but keeps
like really doing a service to people
just so you know coming up in a little
bit here we will have the great miss Pat
joining us
mm-hmm she has a new book coming out and
it's uh called rabbit we both got copies
of it we'll be talking to her very
shortly
um excite she's got quite a live story
crazy story great comic very very funny
if you ever have a chance to see Miss
Pat I would definitely go get a shitty
fucking hilarious yeah yeah she's
recently moved to LA where she she's in
India I think she's in Indiana not India
yeah but so she's what you saw those in
India Indy Oh in yeah yeah she doesn't
live in India you think I'm not that's
why I was saying Bombay yeah yeah no no
it's just like a Punjabi can't rejoin
email yeah please
so I thought this was very
thought-provoking and I I always want to
bring these emails to your attention and
to the collective consciousness okay
what's up jeans my wife and I were
laying in bed when all of a sudden I
farted and it sounded like a queef this
raised the question why is it called a
queef queef doesn't really fit my wife's
suggestion was a fussy farting pussy but
I think it should be called blower
because it just sounds like air we all
enjoy we will enjoy our mu soup while
waiting for the answer keep it high and
tight Hitler's Eric I'm a little
confused doing have art yeah he farted
and it sounded like a queef Oh which led
them to the thinking of why is it called
a queef queef doesn't really fit yeah
wait a minute oh but he just farted like
a fart can sound like a queef
right but I mean if if he farted right
it's still just a fart I mean fart
sounded different all the time it still
it is called fart yes but then it got
them to thinking because it sounded like
a queef not a fart
I understand that Oh what I'm saying is
any time anybody farts and you fart out
of your Buffalo I say it's a fart I mean
this doesn't matter if it can sound like
any number of things right why would you
give it a different label though because
it sounds different well no no so heat
that's not the question the question is
why is a queef called a queef not what
is a fart that sounds like we've called
a queef correct like it doesn't seem to
match a pussy fart is what a queen oh
okay so he's saying it should be called
a fussy oh okay okay
right like why is it called that and I
mean I have a theory I was thinking
about yeah yeah I mean to hear it I'm
real excited
the British word for vagine yeah
Fannie quim alright or a Fannie a Fannie
fart but quim right so maybe it's
something to do with that hmm quim the
origin belief yeah that's really don't
know cui but there needs to be a name
for it which I think I thought queef was
widely accepted it is while excited but
it doesn't I think he's right in that
it's not a logical deduction it doesn't
make sense why the queef it should be
called a piece of puff part like when we
were trying to come up with a thump
correct yeah correct yeah now you see it
Oh poof well let's look up where queef
comes from maybe okay okay wonder where
queef comes from like it did Charl
giving you the plug there you let me do
it for you like it did go see Christina
doing stand-up now we're talking
Sandin go see Christina do stand-ups
it might be hard for me to find the
etymology okay let me try it here Matan
origins of queef let's see what it says
yeah
god save the queen i was just reading
mad
there's no Spanish word for queef a
queef the sound of air escaping from the
vagina during after intercourse is slang
for vaginal flats that we know that but
we don't know well here we go
interestingly in 1686 although less
frequently than previous definition
quitting meant sexual intercourse
especially had with or by a prostitute
okay the meaning of belief has changed
and if I go ahead with a queef
relatively derogatory towards women okay
I don't fuckin know
yeah any no nothing nothing nothing
nothing anything I mean it doesn't give
us the etymology I'd have to read it
closely but it sounds like it's been
around for quite some time yeah it's one
of those words that you will fight like
for instance scumbag yeah did you know
that it's because the con condoms were
called Gumba gum you still it was Scott
yeah there's a madman isn't that nasty
yeah and then come just comes from scum
yeah all right drop the s scumbag right
right dime bag so this probably is one
of those you know sixteen hundred's it
was like a funny thought yeah Quigley I
thought she's going to cleave that much
Wow really nice yeah okay anything else
yes so we were talking a lot about twin
dicks turneth twins but are identical
[Music]
the dick detective designed out some
interesting dick news I did this comes
from James he writes a high hey Hitler's
I work with a set of paternal twins what
our paternal twins is that correct
fraternal yeah paternal a paternal twin
maybe that is a word on them the other
day we were discussing podcasts and I
brought up your very scientific question
do twins have identical penis well it
turns out in my cohort out in my
co-workers have conducted an in-depth
comparison in their case they do in fact
have identical penises oh it must be a
fraternal it's like a autocorrect
probably I'm assuming and they have
identical fraternal dicks yes same size
same shape same everything right down to
the curvature so even though they're not
identical their penises are so yes this
is fraternal twins I thought you would
like to know this piece of information
in your quest for truth keep it high and
tight James oh my god you guys are so
speccing well it's funny because Ryan
sickle-cell Sickler is a fraternal twin
and I mentioned this before he said
they've done comparisons and they have
different dongs
well the mysteries of life everything
and the mysteries continue mysteries
continue and moving on to our blind
series of questions we've been asking a
lot of questions about the blind can
they wipe how do they know when they're
done wiping and this is an interesting
one - hey Marshall burns
I know this could seem like an obvious
question but after hearing the
superpowers of blind people knowing when
they are done wiping just by their
senses I thought this could actually be
the same way my question is do blind men
always pee sitting down to me this seems
like an obvious yes because they can
pilot god I never thought of such a
provocative question I would never know
if they have any extra spray to clean up
but maybe their superpowers are strong
enough to handle this again thanks for
everything
I would absolutely love glad the podcast
every week well here's what I would say
that I mean at first you go of course
what a brilliant thought but if you were
blind and you know your space right you
know your toilet you could still just be
like oh here's a toilet and then you
would know where it is you know how to
aim and you also could hear your pee
hitting the water well interesting I
mean have you ever in the middle of the
night ganda peon you stand of course
every single time well then they're
going it's dark in there
yeah but I've done it in pitch black and
mist a little like in hotels you know me
like a fuck and then what you do you
generally do it by like here it is you
kind of get a sense of it's right here
and then you go by the sound your pee
stream hits the water in the toilet and
then you also need hear like though the
porcelain like I'm off to the and you
kind of go back down to the water
you know fascinating I never knew this I
never knew all this like going into a
urinal I mean I would assume that if
they you know you know where it is you
could aim for that I mean but it's an
interesting question I think it's
interesting we have a deaf question to
here it is how do deaf people wake up oh
my god oh my god how can we never amass
this with one thank you for answering
life's important questions like how do
you blind people know when to stop
wiping and identical twins have the same
size penis I have one that's been
bothering me from China I do what deaf
people wake up in the morning talking
about sound sleeping deaf people can't
wake up to some weeks flashing my alarm
or a tiny vibrating alarm you keep in
bed and keep it high and terrified Jason
I'd go retarded I don't know that's a
great question
I assume that for the Deaf we must sell
a really strong really strong version of
a flashing light and a vibration I'm
going to know a lot of vibration
vibration goes a long way with deaf
people sure yeah I'm going to go with
smell because a smell can don't wake you
up how you can have a smell alarm well
well we have those those misters in our
room whatever like one of those goes off
that smell machines what we have you put
something in
there I mean you know how you wake up to
somebody cooking breakfast downstairs I
don't know why they can't make an alarm
clock no you're right now I mean I
remember uh in high school we played a
deaf school once for a not for a
regular-season game but for a like a
spring game and they had somebody
hitting a drum on the sidelines for an
AB count out loud boom and then they
knew like go on to go on three go I
honestly felt the vibrations yeah also
yes of vibrations yeah we're sitting
there like just you're so used to
somebody never like Blue 32
ha ha like nothing you just don't Wow
yeah we fucked them up we fucked those
deaf kids up really yeah I think it's
because they were deaf you totally know
but I mean I thought I was interesting
you know that is interesting and what
you'd like to think about that makes
sense yeah I can't no one can do a snap
count regular one yes mommy says we use
mister to talk about males and miss and
mrs. to talk about females what word do
we use to refer to Zim's ears like
ourselves Zack oh they are thin so this
errs and this is oh that how even if
they are Zinser about their pronouns and
all right so here is the all right I'm
right because you go here's mrs. P all
right well this is crazy because does
the non-binary community completely
eschew the mister missus distinction
because they're non-binary right I'm
non-conforming gender equal right I
would prefer that you used my what's
your pronoun but I guess they're trying
to say is like are you trying to to
denote whether this person's married
Zinser you know that's what I'm saying
yeah that's the question okay the
question it's a good question so then
how you write just normally like here's
mr. so and so you're so you're
presenting someone right who's none
gender by conforming would you say here
is this is
did you see that damn it that person
said that that that old SNL sketch pat
was anti-trans propaganda mm-hmm do you
think that's fucking stupid yes I think
it's silly to presume
20 years in the past people had the
forethought of being transphobic like it
just was back then guys that's just how
people were and it was a funny fucking
sketch everybody loved that character
Pat I don't think anybody had any
intention other than making people laugh
back then this is the person who said it
Jill Soloway
is an American comedian playwright
writer director Solway identifies as
non-binary prefers a singular vey
pronoun won Best Director for afternoon
delight also known they are also known
for their work on Six Feet Under
and for writing oh so this is they are
the creator writer director of
transparent wait a minute though they
were married to Bruce Gilbert and then
separated we I wish we could ask Jo how
she would prefer to be not she shit they
how they would prefer now here's a
problem with Ave however as a pronoun is
that it denotes a plural right it's not
a singular person they are you know it's
it's problematic I'm not sure that they
is still the best pronoun for for this
you know I mean yeah hmm I'd still in
the English language I'm not sure nah
man that's but I thought that that the
the story was absolutely absurd yeah
that that Pat was propaganda I don't
think so Bonnie sketch and that that
sketch in my memory I mean yes it was a
while ago was like universally
celebrated as just a really funny cut
like the concept of Pat if you never saw
it was that you didn't know and so
people were always like I don't know
what right they were actually everybody
was trying to be respectful other
pronouns they didn't want to hurt Pat's
feeling and so the whole thing was how
they were tap-dancing and kind of around
the whole thing - yeah what gender are
you
and that's funny then they would try to
solve it and they think they got close
yeah and they throw another curve fuck
yeah it was always really I was very
cleverly written you know at the time I
don't remember the exact details but I
thought people loved Pat I thought I
wouldn't hateful well I don't I don't
know what you pronoun I think I think I
think they need to go to therapy and
yeah whatever I mean like if you're
offended by something 20 years ago that
SNL did like I think you got bigger
emotional fucking issues I think they do
have those yeah you know what I was
watching on Netflix a fucking police
academy man oh yeah I have some people
today I'm not you know what and I would
think that too but it turns out all the
underdogs of society are actually the
heroes in that movie if you think about
it it's Hightower its officer Jones what
it came intentive on but they always get
the punch lines yep and they're always
goofing on the white commandant and the
white male character punching up yeah
when you watch it again you go oh this
isn't really that offensive like I mean
there's one thing where Steve Greenberg
tells the spy the spy for the Commandant
he goes were you guys partying this
weekend he goes oh yeah come to the blue
oyster bar
oh yeah that and it's like the gay do
they do yeah but even so what happens is
they end up dancing with the gay dude
and it's cool like it wasn't that it's
there's a lot more back then there's
like a punch lines yeah like a baby I
missed that yeah big the big thing the
big joke that if nobody was gay
yeah so what should we go back and
protest all those things well I was
today anti-gay propaganda well and also
look Kim Cattrall was in it and it was
very sexist there also parts where he's
like what your thighs like she was like
they're creamy like when you know I'm
deeply offended of course how dare you
how unfeminist but it's just like the
gays yeah
I'm very offended by Steve Guttenberg
what he did you know thirty years ago in
a police academy movie I can't fuck wait
I can't I can't deal well you know what
the problem is it's not that people are
offended it's that we're rewarding
people for being offended over horseshit
like this the fact that the media any
and applauding this this blonde
publishing that article is easy why are
you applauding what are you talking
about this is rubbish that's not a story
and I mean propaganda I think that would
that would that would mean that that
sketch was developed to get has a deeper
meaning than just the silliness
everything right it was it was meant to
have the social ripples
come on those the non-binary stuff all
right let's relax right now in $29,900
with smooth g-spot dings me Joe fuck em
I said porn dad's talk I'd go more yeah
oh yeah you know yeah they curse a lot
more on their way harsher Oh father deep
fuckin fucking wait Oh put a bit more
mail fucking stink that bad that again
I'll push out I'm tired I'll fuckin push
you out guys related to me yeah fucking
fucking disgusting a paradox eat more so
that bad I'm gonna fucking push you out
get out Tony you do it again get out
really bad oh man really fun director
fucking plays I know something I Drive
all the line we'd be fucking shit to
listen to your fucking smelly fuck no
it's fucking freezing calling me up
would your dad get this crazy no no no
no he's not bothered that's true he
would show you to get like funny funny
upset was my Uncle Dave he go what did
you cut a fart yeah when you cut a fart
shit holy shit
oh he's like Jesus Christ you stink and
he would be like but we would laugh and
laugh and laugh he would be like wake up
but like kind of genuine upset yeah
funny
it's always fun when someone gets upset
from a fart yeah that's one life is
worth living he would be upset my dad
really would be like here we go oh yeah
stinks wow that's a big reaction yeah
what are you roll down the windows at
least you park who did she get like that
your dad doesn't even get mad he's so
sweet yeah he's very low-key my dad was
funny when I would fire you like fool a
soloist on a cool
well Buddha do - with boys make like
you're so stinky you're so fucking gross
really mm-hmm
I may roll down the window Arturo's came
in oh wow my buzz just came in I didn't
hear it why I don't hear anything
you don't hear it nope it must be your
you're aligned oh my lord huh your
earbuds no no when I cut that uh that
channel the kind of how do when you were
press pause and ya figure it out alright
alright that's better yeah you know I
wanted to bring something up before I
wrote down yeah I had I took a fish oil
pill like a week ago for cholesterol
and then I burped an hour later and it
smelled like salmon in my mouth yeah
it's gross I was terrible
yeah really bad hi the nasty part yeah
yeah
I can't muted that go away yeah you know
I did accidentally hit the PFL fart yay
but we're good
more I've had those fish oil pills and
it's like you it's like you just ate a
fucking like a salmon buffet or
something you keep burping it up all day
at NASA he'll super Nessie's hell yeah
mmm so gross
get out you fucking dig Mitchell
touch enough get out fucking pulling out
that puffy bad fucking somehow happy
Mitchell it was nothing better than
making your parents that happy corn or
something stinky of course Charl would
get upset so it's that you're very
dramatic
Cassity ah-achoo big you're sick like
she would do that whole thing you're
sick
get out one fucking pulled over and
eating run on wrinkle-free hurry up yet
you steak fuckin revolting seriously
until you're 5 in your fucking fuck
shitty bike
oh my god fucking revolting good
are you fucking thank me Joe what are
you leaving your daddy fucker oh my god
that's called a protein protein thighs
really funny
that's called a protein bar their mums
trillion yeah they are protein bars
called a protein bar that's called a
protein fun protein fantastically
Queensland do you want to see a super
excited guy a guy who's super excited by
these course he's really pumping beans
and insects are capable of emotions what
would that imply I mean can you give us
an idea of your tips you actually be
absolutely on you these critters are
amazing they get sad they like it says
maximista good time these are real
seekers just like people
no not know and they can count at least
two four they can be trained to arrive
at 3 4 & 5 different times in a 24-hour
cycle they vote these insects these
little beings are extraordinary and
they're central to our very existence on
planet Earth I have a pet peeve with
people that are animal experts sharing
what animals feel and think as if they
know because some Reacher's research was
done when he goes there pessimistic some
are thrill-seekers did you talk to him
about it did they they tell you how they
felt that day how do you know that what
you're interpreting is sad is sad it's
in it's a B what's the what what is the
behavior that you like all you might be
feeling sad right maybe no way of
knowing this guy is always an adrenaline
junkie this be over here how do you know
that yeah I don't
it's ridiculous they can't count to four
either count to four at least there's no
way well there then produces everything
straight introducing cards in her chest
you can play the welfare beep how do
these I should lower this little bit all
right you know you can see her tits
right now I am five hundred and seventy
seven million dollars for instance each
year 75 percent out of fuckin mind
Cooper annoying at least 2.2 billion
pounds of honey 44 million pounds of
bees in LA yeah of course this guy's
would not be file is in the canyon
somewhere and so the panga go yes crazy
pain and cancer and their medicines and
well the UN has warned that the
disappearance of bees and classrooms
look like is a threat to global security
how do you know she looks like an MTV
Veejay fan like an ordinary I've been
rattling the cages there's a glasses
don't seem like real glasses now this
guy is fucking this guy that is very
crazy I bet you he knows how to eat a
box of paint but I think he is like
super Caitlyn I'm done I'm done and I've
got some nasty deadly poisons neo nikich
annoyed poisons that had about a dozen
partner hated everything goes to me like
those masturbation seminars yes yeah
just in the circle got it and he's like
you can stroke from the top yeah you can
one of the things I like to do is I
switch hands my gosh you go back and
forth you build up they build up that
thing yeah you just keep going and then
you don't release so you can see he's a
tantric guy this guy yeah and as I said
earlier when we did nine seven point
five billion bro creating humans without
the bees we seized it out of his mind I
can't even watch it I know
so ear in English he's actually too much
it's crazy crazy well Rob Rob you think
this cat will like that guy oh my god
which guy the B guys know the rub rub
guy we should show her we should show
her rub rub
I'm going to make a note of it we should
show her the the dad boner of wietrow
the B guy making sure that the Canadian
I like the Trans Canada Highway
yeah dad he's great I'm just curious to
see her thoughts what you think she
thinks we could ask about the smell of
ass kid yeah I something wrong with him
sure I bet she'll think something's
wrong with him yeah yeah definitely
okay I burped and I burped up broccoli
I made broccoli for both of us today and
you gave me a stellar review of my
cooking what'd I tell you
yeah well it doesn't taste like shit
yeah that's what you said to me I said
that because usually steamed broccoli it
smells like farts and it tastes like
shit yeah and it's not but yours tasted
good
I don't know how you prepare you didn't
know you didn't say good at the time you
go no it doesn't taste like shit
and right wow what a stellar reviews
yeah I could have waited differently but
all you do is it doesn't taste like shit
no I meant that it tastes good it
doesn't taste like shit it doesn't as
bad as we used to
all right let's take a quick break Jay's
late and we won't know we took a break
we'll be back in mirror milliseconds
with the great miss Pat joining us or
Justin she's beautiful this is your
Medicaid or yours'll a caver
first time yeah we're rolling right now
you see you know give me a shout out so
I can get some hold Hauser I'm not gonna
help you guys okay act like you eat ass
there you go actually please don't okay
what did you think we were talking about
fart you farthead is that high enemy
model years oh you gotta give her some
more volume I actually I think she's not
even playing oh that will help no yet it
will help definitely give her some G's
about that I don't know better partner
your that yeah you know what I'm saying
yeah I love you Emma staging a black
thing that wasn't ever
[Laughter]
get out of me I know my pee that's real
that's what I promise I love on one a
louse you know you're the only person to
lose that game no no no no no finding
Castillo she came in she was within one
of wanting the whole thing
Oh mom my son calls me juicy you do and
I shall answer that is the most
inappropriate shit you could say to your
mom
juicy sound like somebody you want to
sleep with some fuck your mom yes that
is yeah when partner what's up juicy I'm
your fucking mom how did you come up
with that oh you just called me juice me
all the fucking time
speaking of nicknames so the the new
book comes out later this month
it's called rabbit and uh I mean I was
curious about that and then I'm reading
the book
it's your autobiography and you
mentioned that you got the nickname
rabbit because I think was your
grandfather came home no my stepfather
their other Curtis came home one day and
saw you like no no no cares like you eat
a lot of those your eyes gonna be pretty
that's the biggest fucking life who will
meet my eyes boo
I leave my eyes blue cuz I want it when
I was a kid for some reason you know I
dared kids before Jheri curls yeah so I
really wanted to be white because if you
in the book you really want you know you
Leave It to Beaver right I wanted my
hair because my mom won't call my
fucking hair and I figure if I had that
kind of hair this is for weed yeah I
could straighten it out we would get a
junior care once a year and once y'all
degenerate care of 32 dog 90 days old
that's it you fucking got an African Air
France okay all right so I wanted to I
wanted to stray my hair and I could
don't forget the fuck what I was about
to say about having blue eyes and oh yes
I wanted to eyes and I wanted to be
white and you know because leave it to
be even had a perfect family some others
like eat them cans in your eyes be free
hey something's fucking cares my tick
might my nose got strong from biting
into the vision with my eyes and turn
blue am i heading straight now man is
it's like a it's an amazing amazing job
that you did with the book what thank
you you it is like a roller coaster of
this parts that are just like
heartbreaking and like I mean you're
like you know the struggle that you went
through in your
in your youth it is heartbreaking I mean
you know that like reading it mean
there's there's parts that like you're
kind of you know you're you you're happy
for that you find your way through it
yes and there's these moments of joy and
things that you could but like it's
heartbreaking to to read about you know
that the struggle you went through yeah
I mean but you know what's good about it
I think it's a balance you know yeah
one minute you crying and make me like
this is crazy last minute you do me I
don't want to like walk away me much but
ya know I mean like the your grandfather
story I don't want to talk at all about
him anyone you don't like my father than
a yeah yeah daddy I saw him on a regular
every weekend choked the shit out of
people throw on my video and I put them
around came back every week this isn't
given up too much cuz I mean so you're
your grandfather basically ran a bootleg
out a bootleg house which is like you
know if you want a place that doesn't
shut down that serves drinks you can go
to this house out of town your debt your
granddad has moonshine and like people
who'd just kind of wild out and have a
good night right yeah and then Friday
instead it was a club for the club yeah
you know everybody did the album so
everything the music yeah you know my
mom mom and I was a DJ the keys get in
the flow and dance I fucking hated it
because you would little response you
would never push around unless you act
like a fool to even look yeah other than
that you could get drunk you don't have
to dry just sleep over you wake up you
next thing who the fuck are you that's a
horrible work you know there's there's
different things that you read that make
you feel and think there's different
ways but one of the things was the idea
of being a kid and having strangers
asleep in the house that seemed like
that would suck right like what today it
was sucked but you know that was my
environment you know I would never have
it happen to me books when that's your
environment that's all you know yeah you
know like going some way my what fucking
people got no shoes we don't know shit
about you yeah yeah yeah oh you wake up
next to some drunk motherfucker or he
what you won't wake up and you roll over
you can't curtain oh I'm sorry I'm
kidding no there was a norm
yeah the norm auntie I got out
environment yeah wasn't scary cuz
nighttime I think you knew the jokes
they came every week yeah yeah you're
not also true what you're saying sorry I
mean air but yeah when you grow up in
something that's so bananas which are
your life story is so bananas you don't
know at the time that's nutty until you
grow up and you start raising your own
children I'm assuming yeah like what the
fuck was that about you know the biggest
shot to me when I I'm moving past
bootleg hair coming but when we grew up
we were so poor and we ate chicken back
you know at the back of your head hello
is there like a chicken nugget yeah so
we ate that shit every week yeah the
chicken and so when I grew up I was like
y'all eat chicken man nobody ate chicken
man nobody but uh alright
that was Paul people chicken ugh yeah
yeah that was a shocker to me right
because chicken there was good until you
realize all the third thing is chicken
that's right and I said my kids all tell
me I should probably a batch of chicken
is there's a sale chicken is in Atlanta
by the pound
really so that was a shocker to me
that's the crap we ate and that was a
tree hut at the time right like you you
thought that was I that was part of the
chicken you were supposed to eat it yeah
yeah yeah my mom used to fry up cow
brains all the time and give it to me
but the Hungarian thing and I was like
fuck is this and she told me I was like
never again but that was Stella's cheap
I guess Coburn's yeah I mean they make
you pay so good like yeah means I won't
you tell ya I won't eat nothing that
remind me of being poor really I work
too hard to get away from that crowd
yeah I hear that yeah I can't eat no
spam I can't eat no cheek no cheek Brent
my husband like you are the most bougie
person I know I gonna make don't say
make my food hi he's like Pat this is
McDonnell I don't care yeah yeah hear
you though but I mean I work too hard I
cannot eat like it I go down the aisle
and I see a certain type of food it
makes me angry man make me a man's nasty
though I wasn't not back in the day
because we didn't have bacon so you
fried that up with some grits up some
fat bag that was a good meal right but
to have the ketchup sandwiches to catch
up yeah
it was never name-brand kitchens that
watery stuff and wet and soggy - brown
sugar sandwich I'll show me man a
sandwich yeah my kids don't know
anything about that do you actually
[Laughter]
chick-fil-a out of life I love cause I
mean there's so many good things but I
love the like the honesty with which you
talk about everyone in the family but
like your mom - yeah it's like a lot of
people wouldn't be honest about it you
know Tom it was hard because when you
been a you know it wasn't until I became
an adult that I realized the stuff that
I really went through the abuse that I
went through here and one thing I
learned from this book when you build a
lot of people being abused want to
protect their abuser and that was in the
writer had to tell me you put two people
out killed particular her father my
first kid's father and I protected my
mom and if I still write them like that
he's like heck it's the truth I think
but I don't want people to think of my
mama like that
I don't want them mystique because she
would say he's a pedophile and I was
like he's not a pedophile he was my
boyfriend she's like excuse me you was
12 and he was 21 or you was you you gave
birth at 14 and I think he was 22 or
something like that yeah it was eight
year difference he I know I was 14 she's
like that's a pedophile
oh that was my baby daddy she's like no
pet they didn't protect you so that was
really hard for me collecting too
because I kept putting a wall and
obviously I made it in but like so was
it her that convinced you yes she had to
sit me down and make me realize that
these people did not protect me and we
cried so much with it really we cried it
that was time I would tell her stuff hey
I could just hear break up in a voice
you I gotta call you back and then she
was like you know come on four and
fifteen with two babies by a married man
and she was like what the hell - sit and
you know what's crazy he signed a birth
certificate and no but do you need a
damn ID the sign of our certificate yeah
even in 1986 and 1987 you need a birth
certificate yeah I mean I'm not a versus
if you need an ID he walked in as a
grown man and signed a kid who just had
a key adversity please Ben nobody
questioned so when she started bringing
out his stuff to my attention cuz I
lived it I really never paid it in a
tent it made me so angry I was like did
she they just didn't give a crap about
me
they literally did not give a crap about
me and that stuff kind of it really it
really I mean it really bothered me
because I never thought about it because
when I had her I'm 14 years old dropping
out in the eighth grade all I wanted to
do was survive all I wanted to do was
keep up from being molested
keep up from dropping not survive so I
went to selling though I mean a can of
milk with four dollars but I had to
steal it because when I try to get a job
and I was 15
nobody would give me a job and I would
literally took them on every one day and
say this is my job this is my work for
me
Ashley an Ikea Lidl there's no air side
here you supposed to be in school yeah
yeah but you know there was the
hardpoint I mean it was just all about
surviving was making the transition into
selling dope was that difficult at all
or no they get it they daddy was selling
drugs first yeah so you know he got a
divorce because I had the second baby so
he went on to the next girl like you
always did and so he started selling
drugs he was still paying my rent and
you know I was so young and dumb as long
as I was number one the rest of the hoes
didn't matter right but he never knew I
mean they live with somebody else but I
always told me I was number one yeah
so he started selling drugs he was
paying my bills so I can't agree to the
arrangement okay you know what you
needed to also keep your baby alive and
you know yes a freedom so and I'm too
young to get a job and he got locked up
and that's when I was like I really had
to survive and at that time I was only
16 when he went to jail for selling
drugs where would you go like to
actually like within this at first I
went to the project so that's why all
the jobs was far from where you were
though no I went that far my girlfriend
had a friend my girlfriend had a
boyfriend was a drug dealer and we went
over there I would try to sell them just
too many people's too much competition
yes I ended up back in my own
neighborhood let me close it up on a
corner like people would I posted up at
a friend house I went over to some old
friends house that I grew up with and
got the whole family to selling drugs
even their Christian mama
really I've never forget today she got
both got busted by the police they took
a fake leg off and found out it don't
believe me Oh
the pony play goes on in the leg and I
love I love you know the stories about
you guys your mom discovering the church
- oh yeah you know hey Itay I was so
naive I had no idea that she was only
supposed to be baptized once okay no lie
about five years ago I was on the phone
with my friend it was all my baptism
yeah and I was like she said I said yeah
we got that sounds like I got it felt
like twenty sometimes think it's 25
she said wait a minute cuz I was a
hooter hell baptize you 25 times well
how many times you've been baptized I
feel like once I said who the hell
baptize you would you going to hell and
so she said no I pay what what happened
and in that hey I remember oh my god she
was running a sting who did show up at
different churches Wow as you like keep
your fucking mouth shut
no X no questions just get in this water
I give this check and we get the fuck up
out here literally open the phone book
and hit different churches giving this a
stir but that's back when churches cared
about you - yeah yeah and when she
discovered the white churches
oh she's also damned because they would
do even more yeah yeah you know back in
the eighties guilty white people want to
make sure that they that they get in
heaven let me help this poor black
family you know you go to a black site
apply one item at the pantry bitch one
item on I'll be like oh the whole
patches came what you won't gotta do it
all oh he got my mama with three ticks
in a wallet already gotta do it outside
it so much info tiptoe achieve never
marry we were sure where did she
I hated it I'm like mama how long we got
to do this - it really must have been
like salvation
you know it helped her with the rent it
helped what me no don't you yes I mean
we hit those different churches that's
how we ate yeah that's how we a and we
would drive you know out cuz you know
you had to join a church back then you
know to get baptized and get help so I
we had a lot of members Sheila paid no
time there was like one of the things
too is like you know it's writing is
good writing and good storytelling when
you go I don't
don't know the experience but you still
feel it when you talk about how you know
when you're a kid and you're watching
commercials yes I could only dream about
it yeah you know I didn't have that
experience but I could like step into
what you were feeling around yeah I can
step in your world and be like like
you're so poor that you don't have
access to even good like to make doubt
your mom's like black you don't even
down no she said nigga leave it don't
legs on the double just to Mars is water
found a french fry my mother take us to
make nachos nigga don't leave a dog I
found a partial I come niggas got a
dance Kevin when I need a burger and
they never I ate a burger so right with
this death dance and so hard I really
felt bless you Mary McDonald whenever
she didn't want to buy sushi that nigga
don't do that maybe I'll do that
oh you like thank you okay we won't do
it yeah I'm a crazy thing to grow up
with which is just like culturally we
don't do that so where there are lots of
things that by the time you became an
adult but you kind of had to unlearn all
that yeah when I became a drug girl I
went straight to make Dom is doing me we
can't even eat barbecue chick-fil-a all
right you know what you never said she
couldn't afford she just say we didn't
do what we didn't do it which is a
different thing and I think a afford
when you hear that as a kid like your
parents are you like okay that's a way
reality oh yeah that you said yeah
that's like oh I didn't know that okay
that's the worst you know what I think
is really wonderful about your book and
I think why people are going to be drawn
to it it's because we say white people
why do i why people really white people
are going to well why people are evil
over people is that you always like to
read other people's fucked up shit first
of all I mean then you can go oh my god
at least my shit wasn't that fun of them
but also to go hey other people shit is
fucked up yes and the fact of it is more
people have fucked up lives than have
good lives yes because I do another
podcast called a zebra where I talk
about my life and and people writing in
or like I'm like I didn't know anyone
else had the same shit that you had
growing up and that's why this stuff
like this is so valuable not only is it
funny
but they get to know somebody
you who has transcended this past and
look at you now like you have a great
family or successful you're a great
comedian like to see you on the other
side of it I think is really cool too
yes and that's all I wanted people to
realize no matter what it's not about
how you start it's about how you finish
being you know we I don't think all
white people had easy life's just like
all black people all Chinese and ever it
des des des I think there's a struggle
in every in every nationality yeah yeah
that's what I learned like I thought
only black teenagers got pregnant cuz
that's all I saw I didn't see why people
using casework on the fuckin the police
officer who dropped our food by our
house yeah because he knew my mom was
alcoholic that's the only white people I
saw so I thought when I got pregnant in
the hood only black kids get pregnant
that makes sense that you thought that
yeah and then when I started doing
comedy cuz you know I changed when I
changed my life I shit all of this shit
I don't know shit about to get oh I
don't know I don't know the dance and
the music you know nothing to in cypher
to remember the message the dance is
except when I cut it all up and when I
when I started telling doing comedy
people from all walks of life would come
up to me what home is pay I went through
the same thing I never get I saw this
white lady and a husband on an ascot
anytime y'all no answer I don't have
money she just assumed that person
already and she whispered in my ear and
she said I had my baby at 15 Wow and the
bitch had on the ring bigger than my
fucking eyeballs yeah and I was like are
you for real she's like yes I had my
baby at 15 thank you for telling your
story and it made me realize we all go
through the same shit yep some people
just scared I was in a land on New
Year's and his black girl said I had my
baby at 15 - she said but I'm ashamed
how can you talk about it I think Oh
bitch I don't care I don't care what
nobody think of me
she's like you brain because I couldn't
never she said I don't even tell my
child my age I don't fuck with my kids
think about me they don't feed me they'd
grown fuck them I can't five Texas for
monkey oh you're a fuck about me I mean
I can't heal from getting pregnant yeah
yeah I like what I beat that in dead
people's heads when pragma getting
pregnant young I think I beat Hill gay
yeah
as I stay away from digs stay away from
here so I was like god damn I was like
you a little bit of it because I just
had an old auntie you know she's like
she was she was gave out fourth grade
right ask me she's a fourth grade right
but she saw a lot too so I don't know if
it was a bad relationship between me her
daddy well she saw a man just constantly
beating on a woman I know I'm beside you
yeah began your Ashley goes well just
like the goose oh yeah yeah oh yeah I'm
gay actually sitting behind us on the
couch for those was where I'm watching
on YouTube yeah yeah so you know what
the story is saying when she came out
gay I you know I had already been to
jail did time and I really didn't like
game women game is okay but I did not
like it nobody raped me or anything I
just didn't like gay whimper and so I
say what you don't like go put it in
your life and when she can't she ran off
and you know quit school and we didn't
have a relationship and then one day I
finally found after two or three years
not talking to I was like what's your
problem
are you gay and she said yes I'll call
home bitches a lot of put here in
Atlanta with their friends every see
help all get home oh my god that's
awesome
mom hook it up no I'm not hooking it up
okay I'm not looking that's strictly
over when I was you get beat there's all
hurt yes the things we've been talking
about we wanted to show you first of all
this is a which one first you want to do
the rub
yeah so join your opinion on something
this man is teaching guys who who want
more control over their orgasms had to
sharpen their knife their penises and um
so the women practice on the egg what
did the men do okay the man the first
thing oh hey look at the exciting
they were sharpening being nice
and this is what it says you have to do
so the whole key is reasonable you get
an oil we call a baby oil baby oil
okay and you put it in and now you put
the pig peanut you warm evening in the
co winter you warn them up you get hot
power okay and you may give a warm
Hitler you put it here make sure all the
blood flow now you get the penis out
yeah you pull the skin a lot of people
they never circumstances yeah heard they
had the skin so you put the skin and you
get off down and go wrong hand cold I
did you rub rub rub rub especially on
the Klan penis rub them the Granton
right he's got you make them strong and
not sensitive now he's saying that he
wants like in order to build up that
control you need to rub your dick 350
times 15 sitting down they got me when
he's a pool to skiing bait holy fuck
it's the mother the school POTUS came
back that's your grandpa team water
scary man what a fucker way yeah yeah
that's why are you rubbing the shit out
of Chinese oh yeah yeah one two no Wi-Fi
50 times left side one you come from
it to come down a lot okay how often am
I doing this you have to do every day
until you can control every day so this
guy's obviously shitting his pants yeah
you're telling this guy's saying that he
jerks off basically 350 strokes a day
every day
well the control is keep yourself from
this yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm tired I'm
gonna use a roller uncommon yeah yeah
wait after a week of doing that shit you
shouldn't be able to calm you should be
so you put your rubbing it to the right
rubbing it to the left of stampy's
Chinese you know what I think I did me
Rob you got invisible penis me to rub
your waist it's a lot of rubbing gotta
set a ball that's like maybe that's why
you can rub rub is so smart
I'm happening tonight
that is not all are nice okay all right
years I'm suffering the night there's
the number one number two you have to
learn how to contracting the prostate
gland so this guy is also saying that
when you as a man when you feel the
orgasm coming mm-hmm stop and feel it
internally but don't release it it's a
lot to ask
well I don't know nothing about that
yeah I'm pretty well because I like
stopping appear to me - it kind of thing
so people cannot separate and they they
don't know I disc we're on an estate
system works a bit so when we construct
the first time because male g-spot is
impossible right
so when you contract the prospect line
in the front and you feel energy
activate here so you contract and you
feel here
activate not when many calculation the
pressure of the ejaculation is from the
process again contracting okay some
exercise in the exercise okay and for
people have project men stolen are a
problem this one who solved the problem
okay just act like I made 300 you need
this really hundred little Chinese man
probably what you don't hate too much of
a fucking Saint right and John he's
crazy he's not okay I just think he's a
pervert and who'd like to drag his dick
a lot and then he's like on here's my
melted yeah and he's trying to make
email but it's just like a dude it like
to jerk off a lot and now he's turning
it into like a fan when I'm a guru until
you feel okay hit listen go really I'm
gonna throw a call town guess I'm
without ejaculation what watch so you
feel so you see when you do when when
you get it is very quick to to time
together now he Peter Muji he piss me he
is peeing in vagina they need to rest is
that has a banana
he thinks he's super miss how I hate him
I am what would you make love to him
know these Chinese first of all I'm Dana
my race but I won't go all the way over
there would your race background a good
black just black so far you would never
go white oh I don't uh yeah I guess me I
don't think so they're not in white
means I'm not into big black but they
don't even like bad white with us that's
not true there's black guys like that
guys low face are white white man's
eight that's what you need to say her a
little white boy you know I mean I've
never had a white man to hit on me
really ever that's hard to believe
you don't not do sissy's podcast they
think I'm sexist I think you they want
to fuck with you you know back in the
day no what about okay but the rub-rub
guy what if I were to offer you $100,000
cash to do what time sex with her
actually would you sleep with the
runner-up guy for $100,000
oh no I don't it'll be easy Kyle you've
really got no penis I'll be no stick
around in my naval cause he's kind of
deep and you think he didn't it so I
think you hundred thousand dollars a pop
yes so can I expect her mic it's killing
me yeah what were we like just a bit the
visual part on though yeah yeah okay
that was a quicker so you would never
date a Chinese guy huh
that's not going to happen very small so
what we're gonna do it'll use a tampon
no I don't think so
I mean I don't think so I'll be on his
own I probably could do a white man
first but I've never seen a Chinese guy
you know I thought was a tractor I'm
quite sure they don't think I'm
attractive either uh-huh that's honest
let me think about this we always in and
out there so bad hair and one never hit
on me this is what always initiate by
black hair product and I've never seen
one was it like that was it Asian owned
in Atlanta
everywhere everywhere yeah they don't
tell you what I get there hugging hair
from they would not tell you my god
really well they would not sell out so
if you're not Asian you can't buy hair I
was fascinated by that Chris Rock
documentary yeah
good hair that was really really
insightful I had no idea black women
spend a lot of money on their hair it
was crazy I spent about 500 on this Wow
yeah because the front is our lace what
is it all actually the lace frontals so
it cost like 150 175 something like that
and it turns out quick so about three
others you need another one and the back
is bondo so I spent about 403 404 error
it's just thousands of thousands it
could be you get the good hair that'll
last you a whole year so all you got to
do is replace the front but if I'm doing
TVO's on my whole level five $600 but it
hurts yeah to have the because you have
to braid the hair under correct yeah
it's under that does not hurt are you
get used to paying well I'm I'm very I
used to be very intimidated but I've
done it so much that it doesn't hurt as
much anymore yeah and it keeps the
damage of your real hair too you know
like we can't we can't spray now hair
like that every day
we can't curl our hair like the shit I
did it is hair you can't do it that's so
funny that we're tender-headed
because I I feel like I would be like
that you know like I have sensitive
scalp you know they have they have lace
frontal for me as now you seen it just
are you saying once you get it I should
try it no have you seen it actually show
on the picture is fucking wild for dudes
white and black means it is the most
craziest shit you could be having sex in
your hair flip up and your man has slip
off too but it looks so real now I'm
telling you the barbers are doing it you
got me as doing me and lace front why'd
you do it Tom at least look into it yeah
okay and once they put it on you they
give you a haircut weed so everybody's
faking around oh yeah you can't even
fucking tell who got the fake head a man
or a woman Wow are you talking about
being real in Tyler Perry yeah Jer
straight I don't know haha stop it we
got a baby stop it no anything we do
have a baby why do why you doing at the
Tyler why are you going to it because I
feel like it's a big it's like a secret
not secret Monique just came out with
all didn't miss somebody was gay I don't
know Monique did you dizzy on a big
thing on the Internet Tom we're good but
they're putting a weave on him oh my god
holy shit
is the gone wow wow that guy looks
really good oh well that looks calm but
it's also like in the you know when
videos are shot you're like a little kid
on the video I don't know I've seen
means witted really it is the bomb
all right now there you go you can get
long hair like that guy I'm gonna come
not always don't cut it they're gonna
cut it into a haircut okay oh so they
put it in and then now they'll do okay
and how long would it stay like his hair
like this once a week once a week oh
it's glued down yeah a lot of upkeep
it's a lot of I could see like eating
someone you start dating and then you
like just keep your secret and then all
sudden it's like like year and a half
later y'all go swimmin yeah you're
fuckin healthy so I haven't been going
to a meetings everywhere getting my hair
well what about the matter with a fake
ass oh you know got a compressor yeah
see how you did it he was like yeah any
longer he was right more eight we kicked
him out yeah he's cute I'm telling you
that new shit now when you sat down
Massoud I think was right before we
started rolling you said that I was
regular white yeah and and let's talk
we'll talk about that what are the
levels of yeah tell us about white
people it's Rick like you guys are
regular white okay I don't think all the
race of people scare you right then you
got that all then you got that off
unconnected white just only see white
people right right yeah so when they see
other people they start sweating the
shit it's not thinking about everything
they seen on the TV bad and a movie
thinking this motherfuckers actor who's
gonna run up on them and do the shit
they seen in the movie yeah yeah yeah
then you got two white that's the real
real rich people one of the things I say
hey yo summers are cute where you get
them from she's a senior link so I
learned is don't ask rich people with a
fuck they getting shit for only six
hundred and fifty dollar that's more
than two of my Cardinals put together a
bitch I at the wall I was in so I was
like oh well we'll just in a poll
personal link button sound oh let me she
automatically became ugly is fucked to
me yeah if she I think that in that
situation if somebody goes like
that's just nice that you got and you
know how much it cost you should be like
yeah I forget where I go yeah no I like
that what I put it into it but they
don't want you to go get it right right
so you know if they want to be the chef
Mogan hood that's right if you you know
you like oh there's about six hundred me
you turn me out okay well they do it for
you yeah yeah but don't see me no
Lincoln you know you got to open up a
link can you talk about what you know
what you're doing as far as I thought of
a put pilot well me I was on podcast I
love you guys together and a guy from
imagine hurt me he heard me offered what
a book came from all the guys and he
hurt me on a Marc Maron and the model to
her and I'm he took me over to well I
hope that would lead Daniel because he
has a deal with Fox yeah with xx right
it's a huge writer
yessir for those of them Empire of the
Butler and precious and so we took it
lee daniel imagine in me and 20th stuck
in the fox and they bought a put pilot
saying they would shoot the pilot and if
they like it they'll pick it up from
series and it is the hardest shit I have
ever done in my life
what do you say hardest what is it what
do you mean there's a lot of back and
forth that I'm not used to you know say
start over start over
what what the fuck is wrong with you
people yeah yeah that's a that's a thing
is it you know I don't like this why you
don't like this then you got explain
stuff and they still don't get it
I mean you know I don't I'm not a TV
addict I just know you say you want to
do a show about me pay all I know is
miss pay I don't know there's other shit
you're talking show then followed like
is it you right now is it mean now me
moving into a mean leaving Atlanta
moving into a my all-white conservative
neighborhood got you
you know opinionated and you know do
what I do in my real life can you grow
am i if you do that that sure will be
shot out here I assume right you had me
shot here and are you guys about to
start shooting here uh we well I had a
writer it didn't work out so we just got
the writer who did everybody hate Chris
so we have a mean tomorrow hopefully
they tell us go write the pilot very
stage you've been trying to great great
group so once we do that hopefully with
shoot but I told it's exciting this time
it worked
you know what I come from a world where
this is how I taught myself don't
believe have to shit you hear happy shit
you see and none of the shit you hear
yeah so it ain't real to me until I put
it in my hand this book ain't real is
real now right people all you got a book
bitch i don't know- the first time I
wrote and we wrote the book they say put
it in the trash can and started all that
shit blew my mind I was like bitch I
need that money I started a layaway yeah
yeah I've already spent the money yeah
what I can't get the money so that
shocked the hell out of me you know tell
you a you say you wrote it once and they
said throw it away start over Wow like
it was a great decision but at the time
I couldn't understand cuz I got so mad
yeah oh my god I got so mad I was like I
wasted a year of my life and you're
gonna tell me to start on yeah oh my god
I was ready I was fired up they had to
calm me down
really yeah cuz I'm really well from you
I like to publish what it says it was
the editor they go this is just not
working well she says not working his
two dogs we had to take out some things
rearrange some things but I tell you
once I calmed down and we finish this
bullshit that was the best fucking idea
really at the time you oughta concede
you know I couldn't see what she was
talking about but now it made the book
it her idea really made the book better
the further the pages just turn on it
now yeah you know I don't know it was a
little dark it was a little too dark
yeah you know we didn't want the
audience to put the book down and go
feeling sorry for this little black girl
standing together I want you to take
these horrible stories and laugh out of
the way we wrote them yeah I want you to
say okay all right all right miss Peggy
fuckin up against you I'm cheering for
you then you laugh and then you crying I
want all type of emotions and that's
what this book got now at first you
probably would have got through the
first 30 pages been crying like a most
guilt all your white guilt yeah I don't
I'm so over it so we wrote out all the
white guilt and who knows ha ha ha
you're gonna move
I sure hope so goddamn get it so you
know it made it a better book but you
know the whole TV thing is it's the
hardest thing I've ever done it really
is yes because I mean I I pretty much
raised myself so I don't take no for an
answer
because I know how to get out there and
hustle and do what I need to do but then
you got these other people who's calling
shots in your life yes the deaths the
thing for me that's the thing I don't
like I don't like you telling me what to
do sure and you know is their money
they're going to tell you what to do
they're you want to stand to Hotere they
say you're going to do is you're going
to do that they're wonderful me they
treat me they treat me really fucking
good I feel guilty because we ain't got
a show and I feel like I'm taking a
money right right but you know the whole
thing is it right now I can't call the
shots
you know they listen to my opinions yeah
but ultimately their decision right yeah
I did a decision me they making a show
so that's the thing that really gives me
understand that yeah well I'd like a
whole cult like corporate culture to
that as a comic especially you know we
bypass a lot of that corporate bullshit
because we perform live for a living and
you don't have to deal with us when you
have to deal with it creatively it's so
fucking frustrating yeah all that you
know circle back put a pin in it yeah
you know and I first realized icing 2014
when I was having sex with my girlfriend
I knew that she had this really strong
smell of ass Oh
at arousing it kind of smelled like this
rich odor of body sweats combined with
the smell of shit basically what do you
think I gotta tell you this oh it was we
had a mug and I had a customer he's a
childhood friend of my mama he grew up
here
it's he grew up his name was Tommy Lee
I'd never forget it he you know down
south we got them thick accent yeah so
he was could he be like back back in a
big jaws either they call my grenade
give me a cup of ass you won't come back
no they will pick him so bad because he
couldn't say I write since I died you
always actual complain
we're having this conversation about you
know dudes are obviously bigger pigs you
know like men in general are you know
animals so this guy's talking about how
he gets aroused by smells like funky
smells on women you think women ever
have that same thing Christina says now
I mean LBA you want to be a real fucking
savage woman the average woman's like
not wired this way I would say what do
you think Ashley thank you oh you
aroused my funky smell vaginas what
about what about a real stinky ass yeah
see yeah you look like you likes to yes
actually that's what this guy just said
just so you know we're not just throwing
that at you this guy said that he likes
a stinky ass you know I know it sounds
disgusting but it smelled pretty nice to
me I really like the smell is that weird
with knows we're here
you need to smell me on the wrong day he
went to the room right oh yeah he just
like smell right now he's smelling that
oh no high school with John yeah you
smell of a John and I had a cup of baby
Don she did only 17 on the credit locker
I guarantee checking check he even gets
aroused by other leg just check out this
mess remember that Iranian girl that I
met last year in Japan the one day I
asked if she wanted to have sex with me
and she said no well one of the main
reasons why I felt so attracted to her
wasn't because I thought she was pretty
or cute it was because she had this
amazing smell of armpit every toss that
next to me in my room no I could smell
this strong rich bitter smell of armpit
and it was really arousing he likes arm
Peas yeah and stinky assholes oh yeah he
like that affected assholes he's dead
Iranian yeah he was in Japan I guess an
Iranian girl was there oh wow II need to
go get a cup of them all what's people
name is ramped up oh yeah well you know
Middle Eastern yeah yeah yeah I wonder
what he like it out the day yeah he may
be trip maybe Trudy Arabia and they wear
black to a lot of the middle of summer
oh they're assholes have to be very
smelly yes
right Letty's stinking asshole I want to
do the women have on clothes up on there
they do
so I because I yes they do and a lot of
them are wearing like Chanel and Dior
and they're very wealthy like some of
these Saudi ladies and then they have to
cover it out in public but then they
know amongst themselves the whole
culture of like what you got on under
there bitch and then they yeah now I got
a shop I love to shot to play for you do
you think this is a white woman or a
black woman
that's one good yeah why didn't the case
you Charlie honey June yeah Church oh my
god oh my god get your passenger please
make it surprise motherfucker white one
fucking hillbilly oh I first of all I
know she she's white
yeah you and no black brothers knows I
get to passenger get that nigger you
know Jonathan were will be all over knew
it I was a black purpose only I was a
fucking passenger you know we should ask
Miss Pat what remember that girl we had
last week who was dropping n bombs left
and right oh yeah oh yeah we had this
little aid do we have her on Jack yes
watch this video and I don't know let's
start there is there ever a time when
it's okay for a white person to drop the
n-bomb like it let me hang out right so
now though this person's get real
comfortable like real comfortable just
here you watch oh haha
she looks he looked over shoulder so she
started record you guys he's right yeah
but have you seen this already
yeah she's real that's the whole thing
if I actually said if you can hear her
that she's dating a black guy this is
the white lady we played last week who's
driving in bumps and Ashley says she's
dating a black guy so she feels like she
can write write it please I haven't seen
it oh you're going oh yeah it's about my
look
I mean and my little post with my nigger
guess level a to the day I'm still gonna
go home to my nigga and for killing in
my pussy a why you ho just said don't be
too shy now when she get it out so you
come nigga why very check it up I mean
this is by the way the beginning of it
and I'm like 100 you and your daughter
status fuck bitch why would you be -
when somebody you don't know that that's
real fair no baby bitch in my hair go
down might be a little bit never claimed
to be Stannis
oh she real black right she says she
blacker than me she's got some Ilsan
this bitch is black I mean you what can
you say with a white girl got she got
this bitch how clones on middle yes he's
on clone escalation blade I mean she got
the neck twisting look at a lip no we
were talking about that's how familiar
and like how she don't want you yes
right she more than black dick yeah
right
I see it on street signs here and I
don't see nasty bitch ass where the
other one after I forgot her name you
were ever living anyway but I think I
find you I don't care what race you are
baby I'm not racist young bitches have
got me fucked up but it's just the black
bitches they're talking so that's why I
said black bitches they don't be lying I
got hurt her
they gonna beat her and how do you think
she's ever I wish she's talking shit
like this cuz she's never had a fight
like she's never had her ass well she
gonna know she gonna get her ass beat
yeah she don't get all right now she
will he's probably gonna beat her ass
well it's just a made me though I'm
looking at a white girl but I'm hearing
a system yeah right yeah I mean she got
the demeanor all down so she she could
really play that game I play with you
when you cheated on but I mean she would
really fool people right yes she would
she got it down but then let's just say
that I see you got some exerciser
I never thought I was doing it but I
backer I've gets better than any of the
bitches in this group no hmm wait so
okay so this is the debate is like she
culturally looks like Rachel Dolezal
yeah that whole bag of worms okay
culturally she identifies this way but
is it ever okay no it's never okay
because if she was standing in a group
and don't care how much you my friend
yeah you cannot you can't say that she
wouldn't and then she do you think she
would no no way no let me tell you
something about when a white people say
that yeah yeah yeah honestly we feel it
I mean it's like yeah we know listen we
feel it like if you if you stuck your
hand on a hot stove for some reason when
it comes out of a concave Caucasian I'll
kill anybody other than black like we do
it just a throw away but when you say it
hurt yeah it fucking hurts I totally
believe you I totally believe now she's
all black I don't feel it no but do you
think the hurt thing like I totally
believe that do you feel like it's
different when somebody does it hurt
when somebody is trying to trying to
appropriate like drop it casually like
oh you know I'm saying like when someone
drops it like that yeah you still feel
me still feel like pain like in her
contact shoot that would be about what
you're saying yeah you will feel that
that will upset if you like what are you
doing yeah yeah it was like it will be
rules it will feel like right it racism
yes we will feel it yes casually I mean
if you're doing it mean no matter what
we feel it yeah yeah and it's crazy it
is correct and I think it just passed
down through our incest or through slain
we feel that pain from that word and you
know we hadn't I am she to do with
slavery but it's it's automatically hate
when it comes out of somebody else's
mouth and I think the reason why we said
so much because it was said to our
ancestors so much it was saying to you
know in the sixties and stuff to hurt us
so much now we finally got control of
the word sure yeah and now you say
nobody ever tell white people they can't
say it it's not just a lot of things
right right I guess after enough
marching and ass-kicking why
you didn't realize well we don't go at
y'all had it work yeah yeah well some of
them some of them some of it means the
way we're going now with our
administration it's free to do whatever
here you want to do not even oh god this
is baby bearing on the motherfucking
back where I got no sheep that's where I
can start but a bit before my mom and
Lord Nelson what's her accent where is
she from we show so right now like I
love this heart like not Atlanta honey
tennety Alabama she I said I was hot I
thought yeah Alabama
I heard Atlanta but yeah she could be
Georgia - she's a DDP what I was telling
her was that I thought if she lives in
Georgia she lived like 40 miles outside
of Atlanta you know like she lives know
she could be right down the waist and
wherever pair I mean she got to demean
of the neck Road that's how they talk
down south fastly you know some of you
were she said I'm like well fuck that me
so she got your tongue is like missing a
TI rap song you know the other saying I
guess I can understand ti but sunlight
me go I don't think I can me goes are
saying at all my dolly retinas shit all
night you repetition but you found a
high school graduation test time that
kiddo I read with amigo in the Santa
know the fuck they do me neither
yes but bad and boo yeah what the fuck
is bad and booth what is bad in food you
Ashley
you'd be bad and wealthy out of me yeah
it so that the me go things a phenomenon
me I don't even know you guys are
talking about amigo the hottest fucking
little rapper in the world I'm laying in
second the 90s is a different level of
white to me I don't miss you need my - I
got health care I feeling close enough
I'll be like turn this you know what
Michael Jackson fucking I miss my art
Kelly
oh my god I really be peed on any
translation about what the fuck they do
say who's that guy we used to play all
the time
but not no no he was a rapper too and he
always had wisdom you talking about no
mom and I mean
I mean on the show Oh something here I
mean Nami looks very very draw we you
couldn't understand we would try it
figure out a huge song man Oh God you
know what I mean it's on my pussy a lot
too and talk about plot yeah sighs oh
God he got it he got an Instagram camp
now that is work that's bad I want to be
nice to that was it it I guess I want to
treat that with that prostate - I wanna
massage season f-word in on my feet I
just want to put the do you want to
always reason it's not on the pussy idea
that's how much black people can cook
hey when Jesus fell on the Buzzi why
people don't even pussy this out on a
cheeky you know why not Gandhi
yeah that's the most horrible shit you
can eat - can't barbeque would see but
if we decorate it be I went to a white
barbecue and that shit was late as a
woody muffled white photons out there so
what the fuck
No Oh y'all cook me with no fucking feet
is how we doing wrong and you know yes
out wherever Waylon oh my god shit oh
now so now when I go to white barbecue I
did bring my own see inside my father I
don't cook my sheet I'm gonna season it
up and throw it on three okay ain't
nobody got time for that
yeah for sure can I ask you a question
about prison real quick yeah was it at
all like orange is the new black on a CB
bitching hell no hi when I was in jail I
tell you when I was in jail it was just
a muffled I and so you got a man was
like nah 1890 another vocal muffled I
twirled it was a thing with the little
wieners
Baloo the little Creek's they don't go
out you know yeah they call them off at
night now and I for that matter died I'm
fuckin adverse cuz I was fucking words
so who who's he I walked in the room one
day and he would evening digging it down
who with a little dick and nothing what
are you picture doing they ain't so much
pussy in jail really oh my god
if you one gay day was gonna turn you
gay they didn't fuck with me cuz I
thought all the time
yeah I thought already guards were cool
it like they just watch you eat each
other out yeah hey eight a day it was so
much closer evening now I'm telling you
yes ruk it will improve me
wait I didn't even know really know what
gay women did until I got to prison
really you know mine you're walking
around one got another one in the
Beaufort images in each somebody else's
mouth device y'all just cool it's a good
way to kill time Oh Alex I couldn't get
off stay put I gave you that cool a shit
and they put this shit to keep your
vagina from jumping around but as shit
didn't have to engine what you know she
they give you that drink to keep you
from getting horny wait right now yeah I
give you they put some in your drink
because well they keep you from getting
in women's prisons yeah woman in me that
she'll have them better need me I never
heard him yeah they must have not been
drinking enough of that shit man they
were eating each other to death there's
the thing that bothered me more cuz it
was nothing that you could have somebody
watch out yeah and they will go at it
I'm like they had orgies and everything
I wasn't I wasn't my roommate was a
crackhead that I used to cheese in jail
she kept going Jeff a project to me and
drugs so she could sing her ass off but
her who and that bitch got cleaned she's
the same me to sleep every night Whitney
marriage a block a bitch to say I I
gotta change so it's kind of gross so
yes I love gross look so I had never
used a template in my life right so
India to give you tampons okay more
tampons and pay so I don't know how to
use the template so you share your room
with your woman I don't set the cord
bull and air saying and I'm walking
around the hall
oh my hurt so bad that my roommate was
like I was wondering when you're gonna
take the core board I just you know just
I saw you when you put it in there but I
didn't want to tell you what do a bitch
I don't want real cornball
now I was all my might I was beat up
like I have been it's my son like that
look Angela like flies with me the song
2 plus ik your question not my pussy was
beat up now how about the shower
situation on my time I getting rapes and
charm time I like there there's no doors
on the smells and that show and it seems
like you had to go shower at like 5:00
in the morning so that people will fuck
with you was it like that not a way you
know they wasn't raping them or nothing
like there you saw you saw girls taking
showers together but it was nothing then
what they did how long were you like a
year year I I will go into bitch with my
uniform on my dirty uniform
and and washed up on here and my vag on
and then go to my room put on my dry
shit oh really
I was just not comfortable because they
say have this thing where when you and
your Newt when you come into Jerry's
like trucks up trucks up that means you
look good and some are go each o eight
every time a new load of to come up
trucks up and they BL staff picking them
up that one that one that one that one
really does new slang to start using
worksite truck songs when you know some
pretty ladies walk by trucks ya know
they would yell out short clothes dance
so how did you avoid getting wiped up
like it's not it's not that's what it
seems like it happens when I wasn't gay
I wasn't get you and not sucking on my
ass and you know I had a real ghetto
baby daddy they will make you call on
Jesus he couldn't read but he could fuck
I ain't gon lie he couldn't read a leak
y'all were getting old I won no GPS
begging him days and he can read the
street signs but he could he could he
could make love there you go yeah he
sucked his thumb too but dirty look at
his stock real good to go
how would you sum if I can he was like I
don't know he still so yourself into any
heroes game he be roles gay people
hugging gay he's okay hahahahahaha your
daddy he was so game he's a pom-poms on
his roller skates if you wanna like some
problem with a little bail yeah Kyle he
was a pedophile and I didn't realize
ringing bell to get more young girls we
didn't love this jaesuk its own oh my
god and we're gonna calm is a boxer out
I remember who is he Louise we got
locked up one time for shooting craps
and I jumped the fence and he jumped the
fence koneko run his ass he could have
been a trickster and I got stuck on the
fence and I couldn't get up over so he
came to pull me down and we all count
arrested and so we go to court one day
after a pipe cleaner on my life the case
came back oh we had to go to court so he
called me all these fat bitches and shit
so I you know I wasn't even compete
y'all your fat bitch he's showing that
why the judge ain't in there
so I said I would give this dumb
motherfucker I waited to the delay to
come in she said y'all sign these papers
I won't get probation ice excuse me you
are
nigga can read he only sine X is not a
whole courtroom sellout laughing I said
I got your ad good grab my kids and
walked up out of there nice he said you
know what's crazy he is still mad I
talked to him a couple weeks ago he's
like I'll have no relationship with my
son because because you ran off and left
me and you I said do you beat me you
should I hear pieces you should hate me
gonna read and crafts and shit I blow
the keep sticking around airfryer to get
punched in the left eye I gotta grow it
one day I didn't know until I have a
relationship with my son
he won't even come out so he going to
call you I say but you ride the bus and
every time you try to talk to your
background it's too loud negatory should
wait till you get a call when your
background is you know a lot more
quieter so you can understand what the
hell she saying we don't want your son
around god that's abusive anyways
alright my son no no I my husband raised
him he said I try but I don't have
nothing to talk to him about all my time
is remember the past shoes he never
bought I don't even remember these shoes
he said dude told me one buy me a pair
of a pair of cleats for football and he
never bought so but he always saying I
took his keys away and she live in the
land I'm like call her go anybody he's
just guilty yes that's what crappy
people do they make you feel like shit
for stuff that you shouldn't feel like
shit for you know yeah I do come on I'm
gonna sue you when his book come on I
couldn't you can't read first
I'm not read much for me not they have
to do you behind you been on behind on
your child support since I know so they
don't you gonna sue me to go cook me a
check right babe so please sue me
yeah yeah not like it don't worry
language I'm not right about that class
and I want to pay to send you to a
seminar would you consider going to this
if we you know we hope we set up the
whole thing okay
don't you serious just hi Melanie Oh
Scotty Oh with ecstatic hearts contra I
just want to share there are many ways
or what
[Laughter]
just from we're having a hug orgasm and
we want to send you to their seminar and
then you come back and give us a route
we'll send a camera crew with you then
you try to the landfill weekend you
running away someone zip into my house
that's like you you learn how to come
hug though you know what I learned
wanna hang out though everyone hold on
to it I'll come home way now what
caliber of white people or leader and
why people make another stupid and white
people money and I absolutely like
pastel bullshit i dumb ass want to give
them money to send him to my door code I
don't know yeah but I'm willing to pay
whatever it is as me you want to go to
the comma with my little knot and you
hug people then you call you got a new
girlfriend I'd call a Bigfoot she could
wear Bigfoot along with ya oh yeah well
you and Bigfoot go she got a big old
fish you big enough on Jackie she
brought all the will you can tip it
almost looks well should be yeah I don't
know nobody will put a legs man how long
have you been with Bigfoot axes oh don't
you know Eliot lame it's Noel claim oh
we're dating we're not in a relationship
I'm like come on dude once you get the
vagina you go together well lesbians
from what I understand that moves pretty
quickly too oh yeah there's a new she
have a new one a Thanksgiving and I try
to tell the new and this time I say if
you don't make it a three Thanksgiving
you don't count
we don't even lock their phones you know
today making it three times game and I
literally have no lesbians number locked
in my phone really to get rid of all of
them yeah Wow but one Thanksgiving it
yeah good for her doing well Ashley's
young she's still you know figuring it
out you can also log those are you such
a slut it was just like your real daddy
you you've got so many whole good for
her yeah good for you so much
I would like a blankie I would like
water use off agile in the right weight
you know this is part of life right
she's young beautiful she's doing her
thing right now I in the field you know
she need to get married we done so
that's why everybody how are you 31
oh happy birthday happy but you should
you should settle down you should get
married easy but I'm fault for you're
right I mean it's like black people not
vote not after all that shit they don't
skeet it model the king down the street
and shit yeah man did Ollie just round
yeah try to keep them laughing well
that's giving them down the wrong head
so I mean obviously shit y'all is gay
stuff they fight for they right she
should be getting married I mean they
fought too so she can get married I can
get married already come on yeah get
married to have some plastic babies I
won't play like rep yeah yeah yeah yeah
dude she'll do it yeah well what's wrong
with maybe even flu what if they were
Bigfoot would that be okay I don't care
what are you yeah the big boy go she
said she's gonna get married one day
does it give me to Bigfoot I'm telling
you is all about me
she ain't no good oh oh oh no
hey we were just following her lead we
didn't know don't we be on the follow-up
caller Bigfoot you like me to call a
Bigfoot huh I do like Bigfoot but see my
goal and we just wrecked a family damn
ago Caston will you ever get your mom we
found a mother and son that got married
what yeah you not yeah I want to show
you this and then these aren't what I'm
your mom and you're my son and I if I
look in yes right are you really I said
yes I am you think you know what I was
scared let you know too I am too
Boca sending a doll to
oh it comes down to it you know it's
just like the game there you know as
long as they're all reasoning what is
that race then
what nationality are like they're
Latinos were st. god yeah not white but
they they could me you know what I mean
and they're actually border a lot of
mean I've known a lot Tina's are
grateful making babies but not with your
mama
not good and they let they let them get
married no I got her they got arrested
they went to get married he went to jail
do they went to joke they should have
went to jail she shouldn't that bitch
should've been child molestation yeah
plane crazy it's crazy this deep-sea
fork right you know the funny thing I
love Thomas John Novi told you but this
lady it was in Atlanta so this lady
tried to help these black kids a black
lady get his life back together so she
said well you clean the counter killing
us with my dog in taking my pit bull and
I'm gonna I'm gonna help you pay for
your GDL safe your GD and get you back
on the right track
well it makes our neighbor film Tim
fucking a pitbull no big boy so the
police came to the doors and with this
you've been doing through your dog and
they said pee right my dog so courtesy
the dolphin right come my family Holly I
peed on myself it's fucking good dancing
right yeah mother fuck fucking fuck
there so it's looking to sample oh my
god they're gonna be carefully they read
my present ear candling oh they're the
most lucky the Internet is crazy yeah
what is rody people how to marry I know
Miriam and magically all what y'all
family she did everybody president
people send it in
oh they sure like oh she's doing time
yeah I think she is I mean I'm okay yeah
hey she probably touched him as a key
yeah yeah definitely
well somebody touched her that yes you
touched definitely just don't that scare
you any people yes dare you to put a kid
out in the world and then I'm gonna it's
both all these crazy I don't know think
about it I think about it constantly how
fucked up most of humanity is
yeah yeah it's horrible and terrifying
you know I have for my niece custody of
my niece four kids from age four to nine
now she's on drugs she ran off and left
them and when I first got these kids
four years ago and um they had been
exposed to so much bullshit job when you
come out of the hood in a messed up
situation you have PTSD for or I'm
telling you these kids were today she's
real tight and I will take him to the
playground in my community and I said
why y'all got y'all change time so tight
he's like we might have to knock
somebody out I said not in this fucking
commune untie your shoes they were
saying the craziest stuff they've
experienced they're like in a war zone
they was ready to beat them white kids
they said that Paul and I was like you
only got to do that their shitty stuff
with you any talk about a year like they
she would go to school and they would
call me all the time you need to come up
here cuz my my niece
so her whiteness you only Blakey Donna
clay yeah they sit around talking about
a pension
ooh I can't wait to get my daddy to get
out of jail cuz I'm gonna stab him in
and Nate great
I'm sure she scared they called me up
that a personal we need to talk to you
that's a white people y'all got to calm
down
these P kids been through some shit
that's all they know how to fuck up your
pears it's gonna get really good okay
don't get better fuck me that is soaked
now let's read so people know what day
does the book come out look it's called
rabbit autobiography of Miss Pat August
22nd and I'm doing a big book signing at
Morty's in Indianapolis great club
uh-huh oh yeah okay I'm doing an arm I'm
doing a book signing
August 25th I was 26 so please go out
and get your tickets is going to be fun
along with the four shows great I'm so
excited for you man I'm so proud of I
have to have out that guy's trailers and
go fun so fun you're so talented and you
deserve every every bit of your success
and we're rooting for you and and sell
millions of books well I hope so y'all
come all that's read yeah
if you don't know how to read you have
until August 22nd to learn to let you to
hear me read all the audio blue oh I
can't wait for that download that yeah I
read a book signing at Morty's I was 25
great great are you going to perform too
or I'm gonna perform - it's a show - so
you can get a book you can get it sign
and then you can watch me do comic
that's awesome
yes I'm very happy for you miss Beth
thank you so very much thank you
alright guys thanks for listening to the
show and make sure you check out miss
Pat's new book talk to you later we'll
see you next like to call tell them
rather says rabbit rabbit rabbit rabbit
we have a camera lab your people
- I rub it
always Jim on my right rub that it's the
Fox back the rubber up comes the box
that you guys are doing good at the
twister detectors yeah
breaking your gown open there's a lot of
customary I get it out dick doctor I'm
dripping from your beard itches buzzes
how did I make that deal
oh great
and